Add extensions of gaussian_blur to 1 and 3 dimensions and add GaussianBlurGenerator (#1152)
deepinv/deepinv: docs/source/user_guide/physics/functional.rst

   * - :func:`deepinv.physics.functional.random_choice`
     - Randomly selects elements from a given input tensor based on specified probabilities, useful for stochastic sampling in various applications.
  
   * - :func:`deepinv.physics.functional.gaussian_blur`

>      - Generates a Gaussian blur kernel, commonly used for image smoothing and noise reduction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Generates a Gaussian blur kernel in 1D, 2D or 3D, commonly used to model point spread functions.
```

>      - Generates a Gaussian blur kernel, commonly used for image smoothing and noise reduction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Generates a Gaussian blur kernel in 1D, 2D or 3D, commonly used to model point spread functions.
```

>      - Generates a Gaussian blur kernel, commonly used for image smoothing and noise reduction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Generates a Gaussian blur kernel in 1D, 2D or 3D, commonly used to model point spread functions.
```

>      - Generates a Gaussian blur kernel, commonly used for image smoothing and noise reduction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Generates a Gaussian blur kernel in 1D, 2D or 3D, commonly used to model point spread functions.
```

>      - Generates a Gaussian blur kernel, commonly used for image smoothing and noise reduction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Generates a Gaussian blur kernel in 1D, 2D or 3D, commonly used to model point spread functions.
```

>      - Generates a Gaussian blur kernel, commonly used for image smoothing and noise reduction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Generates a Gaussian blur kernel in 1D, 2D or 3D, commonly used to model point spread functions.
```

>      - Generates a Gaussian blur kernel, commonly used for image smoothing and noise reduction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Generates a Gaussian blur kernel in 1D, 2D or 3D, commonly used to model point spread functions.
```

>      - Generates a Gaussian blur kernel, commonly used for image smoothing and noise reduction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Generates a Gaussian blur kernel in 1D, 2D or 3D, commonly used to model point spread functions.
```
